add example for single driver install (#252)
bblfsh/documentation: using-babelfish/getting-started.md

If you are behind an HTTP or HTTPS proxy server, for example in corporate settings, you will need to add the `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, and `NO_PROXY` environment variables in the docker run command to configure HTTP or HTTPS proxy behavior.

```bash
$ docker run -d --name bblfshd --privileged -p 9432:9432 -e

> HTTP_PROXY="http://proxy.example.com:80/" -v bblfshd-cache:/var/lib/bblfshd bblfsh/bblfshd

Reviewer: While we are here, can you please remove a new line after `-e`?

Reviewer 2: May be it's also ok to remove this later?

#### Installing the drivers

Now we need to install the driver images into the daemon. You can install the official images with the following command:

```bash
$ docker exec -it bblfshd bblfshctl driver install --recommended
```

> If you want to install a driver for a single language, you can do so by specifying the language and driver path to `bblfshctl`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install a driver for a single language, you can do so by specifying the driver URI to `bblfshctl`:
```
(see the comment below)

```bash

> docker exec -it bblfshd bblfshctl driver install python docker://bblfsh/python-driver:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker exec -it bblfshd bblfshctl driver install docker://bblfsh/python-driver:latest
```
The language will be auto-detected from the image when installing (since bblfshd v2.5.3).
